First actual failure: stock BO3, full AAE, Der Eisendrache, two players, round 73.

Current manual setup: Peyton requested the author's downgrade for full AAE v3.9.5 on October 7.
The normal executable now comes from Steam depot 311211, manifest 7651791086710252932.
Its SHA-256 is 0B874DCC250848B7313EC13A0C76468DACC2009B5EFA2BFF4C587E169A9F77E0.
Verified private backups retain the latest executable and all 91 profiles present before deployment.
The general recorder attached this build, and process telemetry works.
Peyton confirmed a successful manual launch. The live native AAE path identifies full Workshop package 2631943123.
Ctrl+Shift+F9 captured the actual Connection Interrupted event at 22:21:20 UTC.
The full snapshot passed dump integrity and exact process/module identity checks.
A second read-only snapshot completed at 22:36 UTC while the same game remained open.
Both players saw the interruption with the upgraded War Machine, Dystopic Demolisher.
The server VM has no reusable script-variable slots. The entity allocator still has room.
The complete server VM pool and entity pool match across both snapshots. Server time does not advance.
The server retains "Invalid opcode" as its first script error. The initiating error sequence remains unresolved.
Offline layouts are checked against captured code.
A separate server-only VM profile passed a complete frozen-pool and sixteen-range native-code crosscheck.
Moving-match measurements remain provisional. The older VM profile and entity profile remain disabled.
Peyton confirmed this PC hosted the two-player failure. He closed BO3 at 23:45 UTC.
The external monitor retained 154 accepted and 163 rejected reads before exit.
A new Ctrl+Shift+F9 recorder is armed for the next manual launch.
The cleanup candidate is prepared and reviewed. Peyton explicitly approved normal deployment.
At 23:55 UTC, the manager replaced only full-AAE core_mod.ff with the verified candidate.
All 91 profiles, 68 other full-AAE files, six game-root binaries, Steam manifest and app Cloud cache remain unchanged.
The verified original and removal record remain private. Apply and removal passed private exact-hash E2E checks.
The VM/overlay waiter binds the next full-AAE process and requires sixteen exact native code hashes before reads.
If it refuses attachment, preserve the refusal and inspect the new process. Do not bypass a failed code check.
The downgrade changes the reproduction setup. It is not a validated engine fix or co-op compatibility result.

BO3 remains open during Peyton's reported failure. The match or hosting session stops responding.
Capture that live state; do not wait for an application exit or assume the internal server crashed.

The recorder runs outside BO3. It samples once per second and flushes each row.
Captures stay in research/captures/live/. Git ignores this folder.
Keep all dumps, settings, and raw logs local.

1. Launch stock BO3 through Steam.
2. Load All-around Enhancement and start Origins.
3. For co-op, host the match on this PC.
4. Hold Ctrl+Shift+F6 briefly when the match starts.
5. Hold Ctrl+Shift+F7 briefly before an upgraded War Machine volley.
6. Hold Ctrl+Shift+F8 briefly after the last shot.
7. Keep the match unpaused for at least 25 seconds after a controlled volley. Let projectiles and effects clear.
8. When Connection Interrupted appears, hold Ctrl+Shift+F9 briefly.
9. Keep BO3 open while the snapshot completes. Record the round and exact error text.
10. After the match, hold Ctrl+Shift+F10 briefly to stop recording.

F9 writes a full memory snapshot. This can use several gigabytes of disk space.
A snapshot can briefly pause BO3. Clone mode reduces this pause.
Wait for the dump_completed event before repeating a failure snapshot.
The recorder does not automatically recognize Connection Interrupted.
The immediate failure snapshot can preserve script errors, the saved engine error, and both resource pools for private analysis.
The recorder does not decode these fields. An empty or older error buffer does not identify the failure cause.

To add match details from the repository terminal:
powershell.exe -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\source\Send-Marker.ps1 -Action match-start -Map Origins -Mode Solo -PlayerCount 1 -HostRole Host

For two players, use -Mode Coop -PlayerCount 2 -HostRole Host.
Use -HostRole Client if someone else hosts. That capture cannot expose their server process.
For a round or error note, use -Action note -Round 40 -Note "Exact message or observation".
For an optional baseline snapshot, use -Action dump -Note "Idle before upgraded War Machine fire".

To start another recorder after the first process exits or recording stops:
powershell.exe -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\source\Start-Capture.ps1

To install the Microsoft capture tool on another PC:
powershell.exe -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\source\Install-Tools.ps1

To repeat the E2E verification:
powershell.exe -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy Bypass -File .\source\tests\Test-Recorder.ps1
The test produces a report, telemetry, events, and a verified full memory dump.
It uses a disposable target process and does not target BO3.

Read metrics.csv for process data and events.jsonl for markers and dump results.
Read process.json for the executable hash and loaded modules.
Read game-files/ for available logs, AAE settings, and newly created game crash archives.
Read windows-events.json for available process crash or window hang events.
Read launcher-*.stderr.txt if the recorder does not start.

The recorder waits for BlackOps3.exe and stops when that process exits.
It records process exits, but it cannot guarantee a full dump after the process has exited.
The separate read-only entity sampler is available under source/live/. Read source/live/README.txt for its commands.
It requires a private profile verified against the exact executable. Its native E2E passed, but game sampling remains unvalidated.
The separate read-only VM sampler is available under source/live/vm/. Read its README.txt for commands and limits.
Its ten owned native E2E cases passed again. The prior general game profile remains disabled.
The new current-process profile only validates the frozen server layout and must not attach a later process without verification.
It measures numeric script-variable counts, deferred cleanup chains, current function depth, and bounded first-error text.
It does not identify script functions, suspended thread owners, or grenade ownership.
The external diagnostics window under source/live/overlay/ reads a private latest JSON file once per second.
It retains accepted counters during rejected reads and marks stopped or stale measurements.
Its five native E2E modes retain rendered PNGs. Fresh review passed after three fixes.
Equal repeated reads reject observed changes. They do not produce an atomic game snapshot.
Projectile creation and deletion, server frame time, and GSC script threads still need targeted instrumentation.
OS memory and thread counts alone cannot prove an entity leak.
The beta's grenade scripts use a 20-second notification timeout and a separate three-second dud deletion delay.
Those values do not bound all projectile lifetimes or establish a leak.
Record advancing server time during recovery. A paused solo match does not test cleanup.
For a suspected retained entity, compare the same slot generation, raw cleanup clock, flag, and per-entity frame guard.
A later event can refresh the clock. Advancing server time alone does not prove that entity received its normal frame.
Native deletion queues cleanup of entity-owned script notification waiters. Normal VM work drains this queue.
To test failed cleanup, follow the same entity generation after delete and after the queue drains.
The script-variable pools are separate from the entity pool. Threads share script-variable slots with other values.
Function call depth and OS thread counts do not count all suspended script threads.
No root cause or fix is confirmed yet.

Optional BetaLite diagnostic acquisition route:
Verify the selected Mods entry is All-around Enhancement BetaLite build774, PublisherID 2739657648.
Record the loaded package and observed in-game version text. A menu title alone does not prove map identity.
The supported frontend AAE setting OpenAAEAF selects ordinary On by setting elmg_cheats to 1.
After spawning as host, stance + reload opens the built-in menu. Use the player's actual bindings.
Weapons -> Upgraded Weapons lists runtime entries, including internal names.
Check for launcher_warmachinemp_upgraded before planning a volley test. Its presence remains unvalidated.
Verified server and client Lite paths skip elmg_weapons.csv. Strings alone do not establish weapon availability.
Do not force the Lite flag or missing assets. Record any change of reproduction package explicitly.
Direct grants support a separate short diagnostic test. They do not establish physical Pack-a-Punch event equivalence.
For the reported match reproduction, obtain the base weapon and use the physical Pack-a-Punch machine.
Record PAP history and actual grenade count. No split-count multiplier has been verified.
Do not use elmg_cheats mode 2: it changes score and disables AI spawns.
Ordinary mode 1 also adds menu routines, so record it when used. Its restart persistence remains unverified.
