VM state integration audit, October 8, 2026

Scope and ownership

This audit uses the saved failing-match executable and process snapshot.
All six exported executable ranges passed their recorded SHA-256 checks.
No game launched. No installation, settings, or profile files changed.
Private disassembly and snapshot reads remain outside Git.
The native state bridge and startup gate remain separate, incomplete implementations.

Captured mode and client roots

The native mode predicate at RVA 20eb2b0 compares the signed low nibble of the word at RVA 1686e874.
The failing Zombies capture records 0x4080, whose low nibble is zero.
Do not infer campaign, multiplayer, or Zombies labels from these numeric values.

The native whole-state reader at RVA 12d52f0 selects eight client roots when that predicate accepts zero.
It selects eighteen roots for one and four roots otherwise.
Thus this captured state uses eight legacy client roots. A four-root owned fixture does not bind this game.
The client backing pointer is at RVA A1B0730, not A1B0728.
Each root lies at client pointer + index * 171F0 + 16B08.
The later allocation replay below resolves the backing record count.
A requested ten-player count alone does not establish compatible networking or gameplay.

Migration controls

RVA 2262400 is a generic native dvar integer getter.
Its callers supply different dvar objects. It is not a dedicated maximum-client getter.
In the migration start function at RVA 21fa270, the captured dvar names resolve through object offset eight:

  site 21fa28a, global 17756bc0: migration_soak
  site 21fa29a, global 17756ba8: migration_limit
  site 21fa2cb, global 17756b90: migration_minclientcount
  site 21fa30f, global 1686e8d0: com_maxclients
  site 21fa467, global 17756b98: migration_blocksperframe

The captured com_maxclients current integer is four.
That setting does not prove the client backing allocation size.
The migration start loop uses that getter result to traverse server clients with stride E5170.
This server-client structure differs from the 171F0 game-client structure used by script roots.

Protocol budget

The native sender at RVA 21fa560 writes block index and payload length through the short writer.
Each payload contains at most 1,200 bytes. The acknowledgement reader sign-extends the short index.
The current positive index range covers 32,768 blocks, or 39,321,600 bytes.
The acknowledgement window contains thirty-two twelve-byte entries.
The block counter and accumulated byte count use four-byte integers.

The buffer initializer at RVA B24C0 uses 2.5 MiB for numeric modes zero and one.
It uses 4.5 MiB for numeric mode two and allocates two additional 2.5 MiB buffers in that branch.
These statements identify numeric branches only. Mode labels remain unverified.
The capture records the 2.5 MiB server buffer.

An expanded script pool needs a compatible serializer, sufficient migration buffers, and shared format admission.
Strings and suspended stacks add variable data to native slot records.
A simple scalar-record size is not a bound for every possible script state.
Do not select a larger migration buffer from pool-count arithmetic alone.

Private artifacts

release-enhancement/vm-migration/mode-client-observations.json records native range hashes and captured dvar metadata.
Adjacent inspect_mode_clients.py reproduces those snapshot reads.
client-reference-candidates.json records a bounded direct-reference search for A1B0730.
Its overlapping decode candidates require verification against complete native instruction boundaries.
That candidate search does not establish allocator coverage or a safe client bound.

Client allocation follow-up

The native allocation site at RVA 19ce211 requests 0x1a02e0 bytes through allocator RVA 2bc54fc.
This equals eighteen records at stride 0x171f0.
The native function encrypts the returned pointer and stores it at RVA A4EF1B0.
The later initialization path decodes that pointer, clears all eighteen records, and publishes it at A1B0730.
The exact encrypted global is A4EF1B0. The earlier A4EEFB0 transcription was incorrect.

The replay executes the saved request, encryption, publication, and recovery instructions.
An owned heap stub returns a separate writable region. An owned clear stub checks its declared bounds.
The eighteen-record case recovers the owned pointer and clears exactly 1,704,672 bytes.
The seventeen-record negative case rejects the same clear before changing the owned region.
Both cases pass. No Windows game allocator or live game executes in this replay.
The fixed eighteen-record backing bound can support eighteen serialized script roots.
The original Zombies stream still contains eight roots. Ten-player networking remains unvalidated.

Error-chain follow-up

The captured Com_Error entry at RVA 20ec0b0 already jumps through AAE's MinHook relay.
Its saved trampoline recovers the original five bytes, 4c894c2420, which store R9 in its home slot.
AAE formats and logs the error. Its callback suppresses messages containing VCRedist.
Other messages forward through the original trampoline with the same file, line, and error code.
The new error prelude must preserve this later chain and clear import TLS before native error recovery.
The owned error fixture checks this policy. It does not establish actual AAE hook coexistence.

Public exact-build inventory

source/patches/vm_pool/exact_build_inventory.json contains nineteen stock server-count instructions,
four original entry records, forty-five code-range hashes, and the verified client backing layout.
It is an audit inventory. It contains no deployable profile or activation permission.
Only the Com_Error entry's five bytes are reconstructed from the captured original trampoline.
The recorded code guards otherwise use the hash-verified exported executable ranges.

Mode names and Steam context

The saved failing Zombies match uses numeric mode zero.
The upstream t7x eModes declaration names zero Zombies, one multiplayer, two campaign, and three invalid.
Those symbolic names agree with the captured Zombies mode. Its executable addresses target a different build.
Use that source as a naming inference. Verify lifecycle and dispatch against this exact executable.
Reference: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/joseupp/t7x/main/src/client/game/structs.hpp

Valve documents that SteamAPI_RestartAppIfNecessary can relaunch the installed game outside a debugger.
A Steam launch supplies application context. A running Steam process alone does not prove that context.
Valve also documents steam_appid.txt for development, but no such file or launch setting was added here.
Reference: https://partner.steamgames.com/doc/sdk/api

Remaining integration

Peyton clarified that he plays Zombies. Use an optional enhanced launcher and retain the stock launch.
The native bridge now admits server state only in Zombies when its ZombiesOnly policy is selected.
Other modes are refused before pool or stream access. The client codec remains unchanged.
Eleven owned E2E groups pass, including signed nonzero mode values and unchanged refused state.
This guards this serializer. Native mode selection and earlier persistent-file creation remain unvalidated.
Bind larger migration buffers and peer admission before allowing an expanded state transfer.
Verify the native compression, bounds, deadlines, and receiver path.
Resolve a supported Steam launch route and validate debugger tolerance without protection bypasses.
Then test full AAE, ordinary maps, host/join, matching peers, removal, and repeated volleys.
The VM expansion and 200-actor expansion remain unavailable for normal deployment.

Buffer allocation replay follow-up

source/tests/vm-pool/NativeMigrationBuffers.py executes the captured initializer with owned allocator and clear callbacks.
Four stock-mode cases and two expanded-buffer cases pass.
Modes zero and one request two zero-size local buffers and one 2.5 MiB server buffer.
Mode two requests two 2.5 MiB local buffers and two 4.5 MiB server buffers.
Invalid mode three publishes no returned buffer pointers.
The experimental count instruction requests 32 MiB and publishes the same server capacity.
That instruction serves both zero and one. Enhanced sessions must remain restricted to Zombies.
The replay verifies pointer publication and all local sizes. It does not allocate through the actual game arena.
The proposed server buffer fits the reviewed positive block-index range.
Native compression, variable payload bounds, sender/receiver behavior, deadlines, and peer admission remain unresolved.
Private buffer-replay-20261008/result.json contains all six cases and source identity.
No expanded buffer was applied to the working game or a native game process.

Migration admission and checked plan follow-up

source/patches/vm_migration now supplies the native admission bridge and pure typed MigrationPlan builder.
The plan admits only 500,001 total server slots, eighteen roots, and a 32 MiB buffer.
It returns sixteen checked edits with 168 POD bytes and eight nearby indirect relays.
Six native entry hooks cover mhead, mdata, mhack, header sending, full load and migration-only compressed flush.
The remaining hooks replace the qualified mhead ACK call and the loader's version comparison.
The buffer instruction and emitted header version also change in the same stopped transaction.
The exact inventory records original bytes, continuation addresses, helper layouts and native code hashes.

The native mhead handler at 13619e0 copies twenty-four header bytes after publishing its existing buffer capacity.
It does not allocate from the supplied header size. It returns an empty mhack at CALL 1361a50.
The native mhack handler at 21f9aa0 ignores message payload and tails into mdata startup only after peer and phase checks.
The new handler requires an exact enhanced-format DWORD before invoking those original checks.
Thus a selected stock receiver cannot authorize expanded blocks with its empty acknowledgement.
The patched receiver retains stock version-three import and its original empty acknowledgement.
The full-loader wrapper checks header size and format before native MemFile initialization.
The comparison thunk accepts legacy three or the configured enhanced format, preserving all integer registers and stack.

The captured compressed flush at 2277a60 checks written bytes against total capacity.
It then reserves four prefix bytes without first checking that four remain.
A replay with three remaining bytes and an owned compressor that writes nothing still changes one byte beyond declared capacity.
The migration-only guard rejects that case before prefix or compressor writes.
It sets the existing overflow flag at object offset 2d and clears the buffered count at offset 18.
The native migration start path uses that same global write object and checks its overflow flag at 21fa3e5.
Its overflow branch reaches native abort 21f9dd0 before migration header dispatch.
This prevents the captured boundary overrun. It does not establish successful migration for every expanded state.

Thirty-seven compiled/captured replay cases pass.
They retain native selected-peer checks and signed block-index, payload-length and capacity checks.
Four cases execute the actual native compressor with repetitive or literal data and sufficient or insufficient output capacity.
The initial exploratory probe incorrectly cleared EAX in its owned security-cookie return stub.
Preserving EAX fixed that fixture. Actual successful compressed sizes are eleven and 122 bytes for the two 120-byte inputs.
These small cases validate bounded compressor behavior, not full script-state compression or a worst-case migration size.

Eight owned native admission groups and three composed-plan groups also pass.
Windows RtlVirtualUnwind checks cover modified-stack reentries, including their branch instructions and ACK epilogues.
The composed fixture combines the core native plan with migration in one real PausedPatch transaction.
It verifies preflight refusal, exact rollback, restored memory protections and reversible removal.
Private vm-migration-sol/migration-plan-protection-receipt contains before/applied/restored snapshots and the hashed receipt.
Its plan-addresses file records each original and restored memory protection.
Private vm-migration-sol/native-admission-final contains all thirty-seven replay traces and source identities.

The codec's 500k scalar stream contains 23,500,000 bytes before compression.
The native compressor's conservative block bound is input plus floor(input/255) plus sixteen bytes.
Each compressed memory-file block also has a four-byte length prefix.
Strings, suspended stacks and whole-state tails add data. No complete bound or whole-state compressed roundtrip exists yet.
The one-million-slot scalar stream contains 47,000,000 raw bytes. The checked migration plan refuses that capacity.
Native transfer deadlines and stock-peer selection/retry behavior still require evidence.
No game, network session, installation, profile or Steam configuration changed during this work.
