Asset-copy failure capture

Capture-AssetCopyInfo.py reads one identified BO3 process through the existing read-only Windows process API.
It accepts the fixed private recipe that passed independent review. The recipe contains exact-build code guards and bounded read sizes.
Use the recorded PID and full process creation FILETIME. Keep the fatal-error dialog open until capture completes.

python source/reverse/Capture-AssetCopyInfo.py --profile C:/private/asset-capture-profile.json --pid PID --created-ticks FILETIME --output C:/Users/USERNAME/.codex/labs/bo3-engine/evidence/NEW-DIRECTORY

The command reads the fixed counter, 15,360-pointer list, and previous-case descriptor address.
It checks seven native code ranges before and after those reads. It refuses a different process, executable, recipe, or code guard.
Raw bytes, SHA-256 hashes, read times, process identity, and refusal stages remain in the private output directory.
The command changes no game memory, register, file, launch option, or setting.

These are later sequential observations. They do not provide an atomic snapshot or the original fault-time state.
The previous-case descriptor remains historical until the new exception context independently matches its address.
The list can retain old pointers after its counter resets. A counter value alone does not measure current asset copies.
Two captured native file-verification paths add 0x4000 to the counter on failure.
Their presence does not prove execution. Do not change the counter or skip the null diagnostic as a root fix.

The October 8 fatal-dialog capture passed all seven code guards and retained both counter reads at 16,400.
Its list had 348 non-null entries. The independently validated crash context records the diagnostic's null read at index 348.
Four separately captured native ranges matched the reference signature-check and counter-writer code.
Full-AAE loading, the triggering file, mod asset precedence, and the 500k engine activation remain separate validation requirements.
